Update containerized install guide (#1851)
ansible/aap-docs: downstream/modules/platform/proc-uninstalling-containerized-aap.adoc

[role="_abstract"]

To uninstall a containerized deployment, run the `uninstall.yml` playbook:
----
$ ansible-playbook -i inventory ansible.containerized_installer.uninstall
----

> This will stop all systemd units and containers and then delete all resources used by the containerized installer such as:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This stops all systemd units and containers and then delete all resources used by the containerized installer such as:
```
